Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now we're moving into a new section now so we're moving away from lists and we're moving into dictionaries.
So in this section we're going to look at writing dictionaries.
So pite and dictionaries allow you to collect pieces of related information.
So in that sense they are exactly like real war dictionaries where you have words connected to the meanings.
So let's take a look at a very simple example.
So here we have our file.
So as always we start off with some comments.
Now how do we create a dictionary.
We're going to call this dictionary book one.
And then the dictionary is created with curly brackets.
So the first thing we do is we enter in a key.
It's what's called a key.
And we're going to call this key alter.
So take again back to a real world example in a dictionary.
You have the word.
So it is when we have order which isn't Pioneer's known as the key and we are going to sign the key
the value.
Tony Stanton so in the real world dictionary we would lock up Oerter and we would see Tony Staunton's
think of it like that way it helps to think of it as a real world dictionary.
Now we're going to add in one more value and keys and our values are separated by a comma much like
a list.
So this key is going to be price going to assign price the value of 10.
And because this is an integer we don't need to surround it with quotes.
Now print and we're going to be printing from a dictionary which is called Book 1.
And what we want to do is we want to get the order from our dictionary.
And the key to that is water.
And that will give us back to value.
Tony Stanton next we want to print again from a dictionary.
Book one
we want to print out the price value.
Now we know the price is 10.
OK let's run it.
There we go.
Tony Stanton is the author and the price of this book is 10 so let's just have a quick look again.
We started by naming our dictionary book one.
We then started with opening curly brackets the first key in a dictionary is order order is run by single
quotes.
We don't have a colon followed by the key value.
So author is the key and after the colon is the key value.
Tony Stanton so author and Tony standing next to a comma we have price.
FLATOW next key price and the value of price is 10.
So keys and the values are separated by a colon on the dictionary book 1 stores the books order and
price are to print statements access and display that information.
The next lecture we're gonna have a look at exactly what goes on inside a dictionary.
But this is a good example.
So I hope you enjoyed it and if any questions please do not hesitate to contact me and I'll see you
in the next lecture.